welcome to background noise nes remix to
just came out today brand-new game we're
gonna be doing championship mode and i
think i'm gonna be sending some World
Records here today so hold on to you but
the words of the great Samuel Jackson
before he actually shouldn't say
anything I was gonna sleep before he
died but one gets spoilers to any movie
he died in that one with the giant shark
I think oh wait oh so yeah I kind of
forgot this is all about coins so you
gotta be careful you gotta find every
hidden p usage so it shouldn't be I sure
i can get at least 50 coins in the first
level apparently this was actually this
championship thing maybe before my time
I don't really know um but I've heard
the legacy of this if you don't know
anything about the championship edition
of whatever this is Nintendo
Championship did I don't know check out
the angry video game nerd or pat the nes
Punk because they've done extensive
stuff on it so just a little word of the
wise anybody who's buying this game and
not located in the United States of
America specifically Canada because
that's the only thing i can actually
attest to this game is not regular price
cost me almost twenty dollars so I'm
this is my first time playing it so I
don't know if there's a lot of redeeming
stuff on it but we'll find out buy my
book so far we're doing pretty well the
goon bug so I'm employing a strategy
that I've been practicing for years
which is to die as little as possible
and collect old all the coins so oh look
at that see cakewalk basically done
already thank you thank you very much
new record here folks that's a pretty
good total I'm gonna assume it's it's in
the top 100 for World Records on this
like 25 points I thought that there was
I don't know this game also just came
out on the Virtual Console as well but i
already downloaded it on the week so I'm
not coming down it again well I might
actually cuz it's only a dollar Oh see I
the weird thing is growing up I actually
played the the Super Mario all-stars
pack version of this game with the
better graphics so I've been kind of
spoiled i guess you could say guess I
don't need the one up least 100 I could
have ended it right there how foolish I
all don't tell me it's the end of the
level i got it oh no that's gonna affect
my score lot substantially oh no no no
no it's an amateur mistake guys I only
need one more coin mmm puma is
ridiculous I believe this I do another
run at this but yeah alright thanks by
the way in case you're wondering the
only way to get this is to own both
versions of nes remix also you have to
write a handwritten note to Shigeru
Miyamoto himself telling him how much
you love him oh crap i don't think of
her play dr mario i know it's like a
cardinal sin but is it three ah lool i
oh no oh no i've already made a terrible
mistake this is not going well oh this
is a disease of cheese jus but we've
yeah this is a sign of things to come
no more Turner well I don't know how
riveting this is to watch but I'll tell
you right now my heart is pumping speed
of sound ok Snoopy's in oh no that's not
what I want it no oh ok you can just
sneak one more in there I'll be fine
just fine uh oh crap to everyone's
screaming at their screens right now I'm
sorry oh ok here's what we're gonna do
not this don't know oh oh can you tell
I've never played dr. Mario before
makeup Lavery releases and stuff but not
recent I'm gonna run out of time before
this is over I'm sure I need the blue
ones all right here we go this is it
it's the final countdown all right good
yeah Oh No well folks this is it this is
the end of my sanity I've done
everything I can do ah see i can give
you a little hint as to how much i
played dr. mario the only other time
I've heard this song is in smash
brothers oh alright well fantastic I
don't think I could possibly oh I
actually have points for that all right
well there you have it best score see
look at that I can even even post it on
the miiverse is gonna give me number one
scorer in the entire world swatch right
here this is it number one right there
number number oh well whatever there's
other stuff in here too ah maybe a
little bonus maybe a little super Luigi
Bros I don't even know what to expect in
this I think maybe I'll take a quick
break and then I'll come back with some
more nes remix because this is going to
be all a Super Mario Brothers 3 this is
gonna be good